Most adults in the corporate environment
are really just babies in disguise.
>> All humans need the same things. Whether
we're one or five or 45 or 85. When you
look at bad behavior, the actual problem
is someone doesn't have the skill they
need to manage something happening
internally.
>> Love your advice. It works not just for
kids, it works for adults.
>> Our whole parenting philosophy is
resilience over happiness. When we're
thinking about a resilient work culture,
we want people who can say this is hard
and I can do hard things. You teach that
kids are good inside no matter their
behavior. Is that useful in work?
>> The idea of being good inside inherently
requires us to separate behavior and
identity. We infer a lot from people's
behavior. Someone's late to work a lot.
Oh, that person's lazy. The quickest way
to have an unproductive conversation is
to lose sight of the fact that someone's
good inside.
>> I definitely wanted to ask you about
this idea of boundaries.
>> Boundaries are what you tell someone
else you will do. And it requires the
other person to do nothing. making a
request. It's not a boundary.
>> Is there a correlary to adult work
environments in potty learning?
Today, my guest is Dr. Becky Kennedy, a
clinical psychologist, author, and CEO
of one of the most popular parenting
books, podcasts, communities, and apps
called Good Inside. Why would I have a
parenting expert on this podcast?
Because if you think about it, many of
the people that we work with in the
workplace act a lot more like babies
than adults. And I'm half joking, but
I'm half not. Think about co-workers
that got really mad when they had to
share their stuff, that always need to
be the center of attention, that get
really upset about not getting their
way, that need other people to fix
things for them. These are just a few
examples, and there is a lot that we can
learn about how to effectively deal with
people at work from a parenting expert
like Dr. Becky. I have never heard a
conversation like this anywhere that
bridges the gap between parenting advice
and leadership advice. and you will
leave this conversation both a better
leader and a better parent. We talk
about the power of repair, the
importance of building long-term
resilience versus short-term happiness,
why your goal as a leader is to become
sturdy, the power of curiosity over
judgment, a framework Dr. Becky calls
the most generous interpretation, also a
ton of really specific phrases that work
really well with kids and adults who
you're having a hard time with, and so
much more. I am so honored to have Dr.
for Becky and this podcast and I hope
you have as much fun listening to this
conversation as I had recording it. If
you enjoy this podcast, don't forget to
subscribe and follow it in your favorite
podcasting app or YouTube. That helps
tremendously. And if you become an
annual subscriber of my newsletter, you
get a year free of a ton of incredible
products, including a year free of
Devon, lovable, replet, bolt, and
linear, superhuman, descript, whisper
flow, gamma, perplexity, warp, granola,
magic patterns, drag cast, chapard, d
mobin, post hog, and stripe atlas. Head
on over to lennisnewsletter.com and
click product pass. With that, I bring
you Dr. Becky after a short word from
our sponsors. This episode is brought to
you by Merge. Product leaders hate
building integrations. They're messy.
They're slow to build. They're a huge
drain on your road map. And they're
definitely not why you got into product
in the first place. Lucky for you, Merge
is obsessed with integrations. With a
single API, B2B SAS companies embed
Merge into their product and ship 220
plus customerf facing integrations in
weeks, not quarters. Think of Merge like
Plaid, but for everything B2B SAS.
Companies like Merall AI, ramp, and
Drada use merge to connect their
customers as accounting, HR, ticketing,
CRM, and file storage systems to power
everything from automatic onboarding to
AI ready data pipelines. Even better,
Merge now supports the secure deployment
of connectors to AI agents with a new
product so that you can safely power AI
workflows with real customer data. If
your product needs customer data from
dozens of systems, Merge is the fastest,
safest way to get it. Book and attend a
meeting at merge.dev/lenny
and they'll send you a $50 Amazon gift
card. That's merge.dev/lenny.
Who says hiring has to be fair? Every
founder and hiring manager I've been
speaking with these days is feeling the
same pressure. Hire the best people as
fast as possible. But recruiting is time
consuming. Alignment is hard. And
competition for great talent keeps
getting tighter. That's why teams like
11 Labs, Brex, Replet, Deal, and 5,000
other organizations use Metav, the AI
company giving high performance teams a
real unfair advantage in hiring. They
give you a suite of AI agents that
behave like recruiting co-workers. They
find candidates for you based on your
exact criteria, take interview notes,
automatically, gather insights across
your hiring process, and help you
identify the best candidates in your
pipeline. AI handles the recruiting
toil, and gives you a real source of
truth. That means hours saved per hire
and a team focused on what matters most,
winning the right candidates. Don't let
your competitors outhire you. Metaview
customers close roles 30% faster. Try
Metaview today for free and get an extra
month of sourcing at metaview.ai/lenny.
That's me t-.ai/lenny.
Dr. Becky, thank you so much for being
here and welcome to the podcast.
>> I am truly very excited to be here. I am
a avid listener of your podcast and all
of your content. So, I'm honored to be
here. I could say the exactly the same
thing. Uh I'm even more excited. First
of all, just what is Dr. Becky doing on
this podcast? Let's help people
understand what's going on here. Uh I
have an explanation, but I want to I
would ask you first actually. What's the
what's the idea here?
>> I I think Good Inside, which is kind of
I guess the company and you know the
method around all the things I've I've
thought about is known for helping
parents with parenting struggles and
different things that are going on with
their kids at various ages. But at the
end of the day, it's a set of core
principles that help us better
understand human beings, our self, the
core relationships we're in, why we do
the things we do, and why we act the way
we do in certain systems. And the system
I tend to focus on the most is the
family system. But the workplace is
another system. A marriage is a system.
Sibling relationships are a sibling are
a system. Extended family over the
holidays, that's a system. And once you
start to think through a lens of
understanding how we operate in the
system, any good principle can then be
applied to any system. And I'm very
oriented around efficiency also. So to
me, what good side really gives people
is a way to think about themselves and
the way to think about leadership. And
whether we're talking about leadership
in parenting or leadership in the
workplace, it's actually the exact same
principles that can be applied. And the
good news for that is whether you're a
parent, you're a leader at work, you're
both,
learning one system and applying it to
multiple areas becomes a very efficient
way to think about showing up in our
relationships in a way that feels better
to everyone.
>> Awesome. Okay. I love that explanation.
I have another lens that's
maybe funny. Uh maybe it's real. Uh so I
have a former uh podcast guest, Ryas
Doshi. He's one of my favorite product
thinkers. He's been on the podcast a
couple times. He's got this rant that
most adults in the corporate environment
are really just babies in disguise. They
look like adults. They act like adults,
but they're really babies. For example,
they want to always be the center of
attention. Uh they don't want to share
stuff they've accumulated. They want to
keep their resources, their budget,
their people. They get irrationally
upset about things not going their way.
They even when it's just like a terrible
idea, they are just like, "Nah, that was
my idea. I wanted to get this thing to
happen." Uh there's also just like power
struggles and no no I want this to
happen because it's what I want and uh
they often just need people to fix
things for them. For example, today my
toddler he just like grabbed this Yoto
player that we have and he's like threw
it across the room. He's like pick it
up.
So with that, I think understanding how
babies think and toddlers think and
operate is helpful in the corporate
environment where we think we're working
adults, but a lot of times they're more
like babies. How does that resonate?
>> I guess my, you know, my most generous
interpretation of what you just said is
is slightly different but similar, which
is that all humans need the same things.
Whether we're one or five or 45 or 85,
we tend to need the same things. when
the needs are not being met, we all tend
to express ourselves in kind of
ineffective, less than ideal ways. And
so maybe that's my interpretation of of
agreeing with what you're saying.
>> Awesome. Okay. Okay. So, let's get into
the first uh topic lesson. Let's talk
about the power of repair. One of your
more important and impactful lessons
that you teach parents, explain the
toddler kids version of this and how
this is useful in raising kids and then
just how this might translate into a
corporate environment. Yeah, I think
repair is kind of the number one
relationship strategy we have. And the
thing that keeps us from repairing,
which really is the idea of going back
to a person after a moment we didn't
feel proud of, taking responsibility for
our part, maybe acknowledging the impact
it had on them, and talking about what
you would do differently the next time.
Is actually this very false idea that
there's a goal to be perfect. Right? In
our family, we say something. We
actually now say it at work, perfect is
creepy. I just think it encapsulates
like you don't even want to be perfect.
It's actually very creepy. Only
nonhumans, you know, can ever be
perfect. And what defines kind of the
human condition is that we want to do
well when we mess up over and over
again. And one of the things I remember
learning in clinical site grad school
was that the thing that really
differentiated secure attachment, which
is the nature of a relationship you
really want to have with your kid, is
the presence of repair. And I remember
the professor continuing to talk and I
was kind of stopped in my tracks
thinking, what? Oh, so secure attachment
isn't defined by getting it right all
the time. Secure attachment is just
defined by we're all going to mess up,
but secure attachment has an adult who's
willing to repair. That felt very
hopeful to me because it felt like
something I could realistically get good
at. And over and over, whether it's with
your kid, when you say to them, hey,
sorry I yelled. You know, some version
of I had a stressful day at work. That
wasn't your fault, and I'm working on
staying calmer even when I'm upset. Or
we say to someone, I don't know, on our
team, hey, earlier in the meeting, I
totally cut you off. I used a really
harsh tone. Honestly, I did disagree
with what you were saying, but that's no
excuse for me to talk to you the way I
did. Stuff was going on before the
meeting. I'm sorry. I'm going to work on
that. There's just nothing to
reestablish trust and connection like
repair. And when trust and connection
are reestablished, then whether it's
your kid or someone at work, they
cooperate better. you don't get into
conversations that are kind of run-on
conversations that are really an act of
defensiveness and you can just get a lot
more done.
>> There's a kind of an associated concept
you talk about which is around
connecting before correcting which uh
reminds me of radical cander a little
bit of just this idea of challenge
directly but care deeply. Talk a bit
about this concept of connecting before
correcting.
>> Yeah. Well, I'll I'll use kind of let's
take it out of parenting and work
because I think it really shows the
importance of connecting in all of our
lives. So, all of us say about our kids.
Oh, my kid doesn't listen. My kid
doesn't listen to me, right? But if you
picture me on the couch and let's say my
I have three kids. They're all sleeping
now. And I'm finally settling in for now
like the two minutes I have before I
pass out, you know, cuz I'm tired. And
let's say my husband comes out and just
says, "Becky, we have to do our taxes."
And you're watching the scene and you
see me say, "Whoa, I just sat down to
read a book." And he goes, "You don't
you don't listen to me. You have a
listening problem. And if you don't do
the taxes with me right now, I'm taking
away your dessert for a week. Okay,
Lenny, I'm pretty sure no one would tell
me I have a listening problem. They
probably say I have a husband problem if
that happened, right? They'd be like,
"Wow, you're But we do that to our kids
and we do that at work all the time."
Now, let's say the same situation
happened and he said, "Whoa, I realize I
didn't tell you this. We have to get our
taxes done tonight. You look like you're
just settling in to that book.
Can we get on top of this together? I
know we're on the same team. Can we
figure this out? The chances that I will
do taxes just skyrocketed, right? Why?
Because he sees me in my reality as a
full human being, not just as an object
in his world to get something done. He
kind of joins my world where I'm
embedded in my own priorities. And by
doing that forms a bridge. That's what
connection is. So I can kind of walk
back over to his world with him to do
something that's a priority in his
world. So connection,
it first of all just feels good anyway,
but it's not such a kind of soft topic.
Connection is what forms a bridge
between two people so they can act
together in the same interest. And so
whether you're thinking about your kid
not listening or you're thinking about
things at work, coming back to
connection is really the foundation for
both cooperation and at work, you know,
productivity.
>> I love the way you phrased it at the
beginning that like the way you just
said it. I'm like, "Oh, wow. That's a I
get why someone would start to listen to
help people actually do this in their in
day-to-day." What are just like how
would what's the way to approach that
the way you phrase like beginning that
connection conversation? The truth is
the first step is a mindset. And I know
that sounds annoying because it's like
just tell me what to do. And anyone who
knows me knows I love telling people
script ideas, but we feel people's
intention,
not just their intervention. So the same
intervention will be felt completely
different based on our mindset. So if
I'm going into a conversation with you,
Lenny, and let's say I don't know, I
want you to do something for me. I'd
like you to come water my non-existent
plants, okay? And I'm like, I'm going to
connect to Lenny first. first time and
say, "Oh, how's it going? Tell me this
thing about your life." And you just
know that is in and of itself a
transaction to get you to do the thing I
want you to do. Not only is it not going
to quote work, it it's going to feel
like dirty to you. You're you're going
to feel it and it's going to feel off.
So, the mindset we need to be in, which
is so hard, and I talk a good game, but
it's hard for me, too, okay? Is trying
to get into a kind of without an agenda
mindset. even if it's for 30 seconds
with someone. Being present with someone
without an agenda is increasingly hard
to do. But that is what connection is
about. No one wants something of me.
They just kind of see me or they're
recognizing something I'm doing or they
kind of plop down on the couch next to
me. And so, what could that look like
with your kid? It's often very, very
simple things, okay? and it's going to
feel really small. Especially anyone who
works a lot where we get so addicted to
accomplishing and dopamine. It's sitting
next to your kid and putting your hand
on their back literally for longer than
feels natural. It's saying to your kid,
"I'm happy to see you." And that's it.
Such a nice thing to say when your kid
comes home from school or you come home
from work or first thing in the morning.
It's watching your kid play and
describing what they're doing instead of
peppering them with questions. Oh,
you're making a tall tower versus, "Oh
my goodness, is that a fire station? Oh
my goodness, we can make the best fire
station in the world." And I hear myself
say that because I can say that, but
it's not connection. Actually, at work,
it's probably saying, "Hey, tell me a
little about your long weekend." And not
kind of counting down the seconds for
them to finish so you can tell them what
to start on this week, but kind of
giving yourself permission to say, "Can
I actually just kind of drop down into
that moment?" Right? And so I think it's
the mindset and then it's actually
something that doesn't have an agenda
that's just about seeing someone
noticing someone in a really really
small way.
>> I love this idea of just the mindset.
That's like such a powerful reframe of
this is like don't think about what are
the correct words to say. It's just like
actually just feel okay. I just want to
connect with you first for 30 seconds.
>> Yeah. And and I want to reveal something
about myself. Right. So, one of the
things I think about is that efficiency
and relationship building are often in
opposition. We're doing one or the
other. And one of the things I've
learned the very, very hard way about
myself, especially since I've been
working, the way I've been working the
last couple of years, is my efficiency
is kind of reinforced at work, right?
And and a lot of us who can be very
efficient and get things done, we can
have a little morality about it. Like we
listen to someone's story, we're like,
"Come on, get to the point." When that
person in our life is like the whole
point is that I want to tell you the
whole story, you know? And I think if
anyone's listening thinking, yeah, like
I'm kind of an efficiency orienting
oriented person. Dropping into
relationship mode takes real intention.
And it it's hard especially if a big
part of your life the efficiency is
reinforced. So if it feels awkward and
slow and I always call it with my kids,
my best time just feels low stim. It
just feels so low stem. I'm like, what's
is this right? Am I doing this right?
That's probably a sign I am cuz not much
is happening and I'm not being efficient
with my time. I'm just in kind of
relationship building mode. What I think
about as you're talking about this is
the best people I've worked with that
are most effective at work are the
people that are really good at this that
you feel like really listen, really
care, just like aren't rushed.
And so I could totally see the power
here.
>> Yeah.
>> So one of the core principles you teach
the name of your book and the name of
your product and community and
everything you built is good inside. I'm
curious if you if that's a useful lens
in the work environment, too. You know,
you teach like kids are good inside no
matter what their behav no matter their
behavior. They may be having a hard
time, but they're still good inside. Is
that useful in work at all? Are people
always still good inside? I imagine not
always.
>> I think it's a very useful framework and
and I I'll say why, but I want to
separate things that we often confuse.
No part of me if my kid is when they
were younger hitting, would I be like,
"My kid is good inside, so who cares
that they hit?" or this employee is good
inside, so it doesn't matter that
they're not getting their PRDs in on
time, whatever it is. No. And I think
that's actually the other thing that's
core to good inside is the idea of being
good inside
requires us to separate behavior and
identity. Most difficult times we have
personally or interpersonally come
because we've collapsed behavior and
identity. And it's easy to do because we
infer a lot from people's behavior or
for our own, right? So someone's late to
work a lot. Oh, that person's lazy,
right? Seeing that person as good inside
starts with this sentence. This is a
good person who is late, right? Or I
have a good kid who's hitting. And and I
do this thing with my hands because it
actually helps my brain and body see the
difference. One hand is identity, the
other hand is behavior. And literally
just separating them forces you to
distinguish who someone is good inside
from their behavior. And ironically,
that's what allows you to effectively
change and improve their behavior.
Because we all know what it's like to
feel defensive. Do you know why we're
defensive? Because we think someone else
instead of talking about our behavior is
talking about our identity. And then we
can't even talk about our behavior
anymore and being late because we feel
like they're accusing us of being a bad
person or being lazy or not caring about
the other people in the meeting. Now we
can't even talk about the reason for my
lateness because my whole identity feels
wrapped up in it. So the quickest way to
have an unproductive conversation is to
lose sight of the fact that someone's
good inside. If I'm talking about
someone at work, let's say again, who's
always late, here's like a quote good
inside infused conversation. And I would
start by saying, first of all, I want to
say we're on the same team. If that's
the only thing people take from this,
that is the most amazing way to have a
more productive conversation with
anyone. I want to say we're on the same
team. I know you're a good person. You
probably don't need me to tell you that
we need to start meetings on time. We
both know that
it's also been happening consistently,
which lets me know something is going on
that I want to get to the bottom of with
you because we need you to be there at
9:00 a.m. to start this important
leadership meeting. So, tell me what's
been going on. Is it something at work
that feels bad? That makes you not want
to come in? Is there something going on
at home? Is this uh I don't know, a hard
time managing your time? Whatever it is,
let's get to the bottom of it together
so we can figure it out. So, that to me
is that lens. And it's honestly, Lenny,
it's the same thing we do, I don't know,
in like a good sports coach. I I don't
know someone I don't know who's a good
even professional sports coach who's
like, "You missed all the layups today.
What's wrong with you? And here's what
I'm taking away." It's like, whoa,
you're a good player. something's going
on. Let's get in the gym tomorrow. Let's
figure it out. I believe in you. I am
putting you on the bench now because
it's not really working out, but we're
going to get to the bottom of this
together. That comes from seeing the
good inside someone.
>> I just hearing you say these things is
always like I could see exactly why this
works. Uh like so a takeaway here is
just kind of start with admitting to
them and showing them you know they are
smart. They know what is what is the
right thing to do. They just maybe
aren't doing it.
>> Yeah. And because now we can take that
off the table. And if someone's
thinking, "But I don't think that of the
person," then then we then that's
actually just a very different
conversation. But we put that in a
different category. But
>> if you start talking about someone's
behavior right away, and they think,
which we all tend to think, you're
actually saying, "I'm not a smart
person." You're not even talking about
the behavior anymore. Now, their
language seems like it's talking about
the behavior, but all you're doing is
you're having a debate you don't even
realize you're having, which is whether
they're a good, moral, worthy person.
That's just that's not an effective work
conversation.
>> So, just kind of laying out uh that you
know they are good, they are smart, they
know the right thing to do, but here's
something that isn't going the way that
it should.
>> Yeah.
>> This connects to something else that you
teach, which is the the MGI, uh the most
generous interpretation. and talk about
that and how that might relate to work.
>> Yeah, I've realized I have an allergy to
ideas that don't have action. I I've
realized this actually at work with and
just with psychology too. So this whole
idea people are good inside. How can you
separate behavior from identity as a
framework to then go into a conversation
all of it just feels too theoretical for
me. And so I like to think like what is
one tool I can use to action on that
idea? And it started, I think, through
parenting when I'd finish a day with my
kids. I was going to bed when my kids
are younger. I was like, "Wow, that day
was just disaster." And and then I would
hear myself start talking about my kid
in a way where I always loved my kid,
but but I didn't realize till later,
even through the language, I stopped
liking my kid. I was just listening to
your Peter Deng episode, which was a lot
about language, right? And how language
then impacts thoughts. And I think a lot
as a parent, but it's true as a leader.
The story you tell yourself as a kid at
night kind of becomes the parent you are
the next morning. Probably same true.
The story you tell yourself by your
organization at night becomes the leader
you are the next morning. And I realized
I was using what I what I later called
this least generous interpretation. I
was just I think we all do that
naturally. At least I do. Like I see my
kid not listening and laughing if I'm
trying to discipline. And my first
thought is like I think I think my kid's
a sociopath. Like I don't know how I get
there. for my kids 2 years old, but it
happens so fast. Okay? And I realized at
night the only way to shift this and get
into a good inside mindset was just to
say to myself, what's the most generous
interpretation
of why I would say to my kid some
version of, "Stop jumping on the couch.
It's dangerous. You're near the glass
table." And he'd look at me and jump
doubly hard on the couch. My least
generous interpretation was that as a
sociopath. I already covered that one.
My most generous interpretation, there's
not one right answer. It might be this
is a kid who's really oriented around
kind of wanting to feel in control. And
when that feels threatened, he doubles
down. He is 0% people pleasing this
third child of mine, my other, you know,
zero. So the whole I'm disappointed with
you just not going to work with a kid
like that. And when I started using an
MGI, a couple things happened. And this
is going to I realized like I liked my
kid again. And I think we don't talk
about that enough as parents that that's
the thing that keeps us up at night.
It's not their behavior is how we we
slowly stop liking them based on how
we're describing them. And then I
realized we're on the same team and then
I came up with a whole different range
of interventions because I used a most
generous interpretation. Right? I think
the same thing is true at work. Right?
someone,
I don't know, is belaboring their point
in a meeting when everyone else has gone
on. And maybe the least generous
interpretation, maybe it is what I was
reacting to in your initial question, is
oh, they're being a baby or everyone
just is like vain. My most generous
interpretation, I don't know, it could
be a variety of things. Did they not
feel heard the first time? Still doesn't
make them going on forever, you know,
acceptable. But if that's true, I might
say to them in private, hey, something
happens in meetings where I wonder if
you don't always feel heard. and then
you keep talking and then honestly the
rest of the room gets annoyed which
makes us tune you out more which
probably makes you belabor your point
more. We're in a bad cycle. Can we work
together on changing this? And now all
of a sudden instead of everyone
complaining about that person or
whatever it is and nothing changing
which is just horrible for culture and
productivity, we have one conversation
through an MGI lens and things start you
know moving forward in a more productive
way. It's interesting how much of this
comes back to just kind of assuming they
are smart and are trying to do their
best job and are good inside and uh and
just and this and translating to okay
here's like in spite of that here's
something that is still going wrong
let's try to figure out there's kind of
this idea of curiosity over judgment
trying to figure out what's missing
>> and that I mean that's exactly it and
those are two things also that I think
are in opposition right you you you
inherently cannot be judgmental when
you're curious and when you're
judgmental about something, you're
inherently not curious about it. And I
think it's assuming, you know, I I say
assume good inside or assume, you know,
MGI. Other people say assume positive
intent. Whatever language hits your
heart, I think is the language. That's
everyone's different. MGI makes sense
for me, but if there's someone else that
has a different phrase, they someone
should use that one. And then I think
also assuming we this person would want
to work through this with me. And and I
think let me that's one of the things
that we also miss a ton in our kids. The
kids who hit, no matter what they say,
they really don't like feeling out of
control. A kid who's lying to your face,
they don't want to lie to your face.
Like, they don't want to behave this way
either. Again, which doesn't make the
behavior okay, but it makes us soften a
tiny bit and realize we're on the same
team. And I think actually we all want
the same outcome. Wait, say more about
that because that doesn't feel as a
parent that my kid doesn't want to, you
know, when he's like uh throwing a thing
across the way or just like resisting
going in the car. I want to hear more
about what what's going on there.
>> Yeah. I mean, first of all, I'll I'll
start with the baseline, right? That as
a clinical psychologist, I was initially
trained in this very reward, punishment,
timeout, sticker chart mode. And and to
be honest, I I loved it because I have a
very healthy left brain. And our left
brains love logic and we love linearity.
And as soon as you're a parent, you're
like, there's no linearity or logic
really. But our brain wants that to be a
system. And it's kind of a system of
punish the bad and you have less of the
bad and reward the good and and no one
really says, well, how are we raising a
human? Those are just behaviors. But our
brain loves it. And that's what I
started teaching to parents. I did my
private practice cuz it felt, you know,
it felt clean. But it was at complete
odds with everything I knew was helping
all the adults in my practice change
their lives. And that's actually what
gave me insight into starting good. And
it's like there's no way that what helps
a 35-year-old rewire their brain and
change for the better is that
theoretical opposition with what a
2-year-old and 5-year-old needs to
become resilient and confident. That
just doesn't make sense.
And I think we have these ideas about
kids. Even, you know, something I hear a
lot, you're making a bad choice to kids.
You're make that's a you're a good
person. You're making a bad choice. This
is not about forgiving bad behavior. I'm
pretty firm about that. But I just don't
believe a fouryear-old who's throwing is
like, hold on.
Should I throw this at my sister? Should
I or should I not? I will choose as not
I mean, think about us when we act out.
I don't think most of us are in a
decision-making place. we escalate. And
here's one of the big insights besides
people are good inside that helped me
form all of my other approaches is kids
are born with all the feelings and none
of the skills to manage feelings. Bad
behavior at any age can basically be
reduced to feelings that overpower
skills. And yes, behavior is a problem,
but behavior isn't the core problem.
It's a manifestation of the problem. The
actual problem is someone doesn't have
the skill they need to manage something
happening internally. And if they had
that skill and could access it, the
behavior would change. But that would be
kind of the outcome, not the place of
actual intervention. And so when a kid
hits, they look also when kids will say
things like, "I don't care what you
say." They're out of control. Maybe
they're in a situation where, I don't
know, they could be tired, but also
they're angry that a sibling has a toy
and they don't have skills to manage
anger. They're jealous that someone is
playing with something and they can't
manage the jealousy. And when you look
at bad behavior through the lens of
feelings that overpower skills, you
start to think like a coach. Like it
always has struck me with kids that we
don't punish them into learning how to
swim, which which I know sounds funny,
but if you paid for swim lessons and the
person said, "You know what? I'm just
not going to put up with this. This is
inappropriate behavior." By the way,
your kid has to learn to swim if they're
going to function in life. So send them
to their room and tell them to come back
when they learn how to swim. It's it's
absurd. It's it's obviously laughable.
I I think swimming is very important,
but an even more important life skill is
learning how to manage your emotions. It
is. And nobody learns new skills by
being sent to their room. Nobody learns
new skills by adding shame. All that
does is increase the gap between
feelings and skills. It's just totally
counterproductive. The answer is we have
to set boundaries. We have to be the
people setting boundaries around out of
control behavior. But then we actually
have to teach our kids the skills they
were missing, which levels up the
skills. And that's how not only you
change behavior short term, but you
actually change behavior massively long
term.
>> I'm actually in the middle of starting
potty training with our kid and the I'm
taking this little online course and
they call it potty learning, not potty
training for exactly that reason. You're
not training them to do a thing. You're
just they don't know how to do it. So,
you just teach them like you're teaching
them the alphabet. Just teach them all
little steps and what they need to
learn.
>> You're not doing our potty learning
course, then I'm going to talk to you
after.
>> Oh, I didn't know you had one.
Okay. marketing message isn't getting
out there.
>> Switching immediately.
>> How do people find it? Goodinsight.com.
>> It's actually it's actually one of the
things I feel very strongly about
putting out for free because I think
potty stuff is like one of the early
lessons around body autonomy and skills
and the quickest way we kind of mess it
up as parents is kind of trying to take
over the process. Um, and it could be so
stressful. And I actually told my team
while I go, I just think there should be
a service. Like, so if you Google good
inside potty, like you can have it for
$0.
>> Oh, it's actually free already.
>> Yes, it's free.
>> I'm switching immediately.
>> Yes.
>> Is is there a cor correlary to uh adult
work environments in potty learning?
>> Yeah, there is. There always is. Well,
okay. So, let's think about what the
potty stuff is about for kids. When our
kids are younger,
they control two things in their entire
life. What goes into their body and what
comes out of their body. That's all.
Now, obviously, hopefully we let them
pick their clothes here and there, but
like thematically, by the way, and they
shouldn't be in charge of a ton more
categories because they're two, right?
But it's why those two areas can become
so heated for families because we get so
stressed and when kids, especially if
you don't have a people pleaser, okay?
When kids even smell. My parent is
stepping into one of the only two
domains that are mine. Holy moly, will
they do nutty things like to to push you
back, right? And so what's the general
lesson? a human lesson is what is it
like for someone to have not that many
areas of life that they're in control
of? Number one, just think about that.
Think about the first 10 minutes of your
kids's day. We wake them up. We tell
them what the weather is. We tell them,
"No, you can't wear that. We tell them
what's for breakfast. We, you know, tell
them their shirts on the wrong way." It
just, if my husband woke me up that way,
I would be in a bad mood the rest of the
day, okay? And I'd probably be looking
for a million different areas to just
grasp control of as a way of screaming
to the world like I am my own person,
right? And so if we think about that in
the workplace,
well, first of all, temperamentally
there are a subset of people. I call
these the resilient rebels. They present
as like strong willed defiant kids whose
I think we all walk around with a core
fear that we end up acting out. Their
core fear is the loss of control. They
are very very attuned to people kind of
stepping into their domain and if they
smell it they resist. Well, we have
those as adults too. They could be it's
tricky to collaborate with them and
again we need to have an expectation but
we might see that as why do I ask
someone to switch a meeting time and and
it feels like I I took a knife to their
heart the way they react right well that
theme might be coming up and maybe we
can go one level deeper and say is this
someone who in general I'm making this
up but oh someone got promoted before
they did on their team they just had a
change in manager um they just had their
vacation deny that whatever it was oh
like is that actually what we're talking
about and it's manifesting as this
difficulty changing meaning time, but
actually there's other themes of control
and independence at play.
>> Is maybe a lesson here is clarifying
here's what you own on this team on this
project. Here's things that you're going
to drive. Here's where I'm going to be
really involved. Is that a is that maybe
a takeaway?
>> I think that is definitely a takeaway. I
also just love like naming your
intention. That's always really helpful.
Hey, you know, I want to look over this
project together because I want to get
ahead of some things and I think that's
actually going to help you do the most
independent work. That's why I want to
go through it in such detail. Like when
you name the intention very very clearly
for someone, they're much more likely to
interpret your behavior through the
intention you just named because your
intention isn't to control them or make
them feel small. But if that's also
something they have a predelection for,
it's even more important for those
people to do the naming of the intention
up front. And
>> there's also just a whole micromanaging
I don't know element to this. This is
why people in part hate micromanagement
like I want to be I want to be in
control something. Why get out of this?
>> Yeah. Which is a dance, you know?
Exactly.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. Something else that you teach that
uh I find really helpful is this idea of
sturdy becoming a sturdy parent,
learning to be sturdy. that feels very
uh related to being a good leader just
like learning how to deal with res
challenges. Talk about that from the
kids context and then how it might be
useful in work.
>> Yeah, I think that's the essence of what
good inside does like we help parents
become sturdy leaders so they can raise
sturdy confident kids and and when I
started this I'd use that word a lot.
People would say to me, I've never heard
anyone use that word. I know what it
means. But I think about language, too.
And I like language that helps me
conjure up an image or a feeling. It
takes it out of my brain. And I think
the word sturdy, if you picture someone
in your life, even if you haven't
thought about them, like who's the
sturdy person I know, like I bet you can
kind of locate them. You see them and
and there's a feeling you have around
them. And I think the best leaders we
have are are sturdy. And so I I'll start
about with start it with a metaphor
because I actually think that brings it
to life. And I think this is as true in
parenting and in, you know, the
workplace. So, picture being a passenger
on on a flight. It's really turbulent
and you start screaming and everyone
starts screaming. Okay? So, everyone's
panicked in the flight and then you hear
the announcement from the pilot. And I
think there's three types of
announcements you can have. The third
one's going to be the sturdy one. The
first two not as much. So, the first one
is some version of what are you freaking
out about? Stop screaming. You're you're
making this flight awful for everyone
and you're distracting me. And stop
making a big deal out of nothing.
And that's kind of when we say those
words to a kid, stop freaking out.
You're ruining for everyone, right? But
the truth is, if you think about
yourself in a flight and the pilot says
that, you don't feel calmer. Number one,
you're worried they don't notice the
turbulence. Number two, you're a little
disturbed that it just takes your
screaming to make the pilot like kind of
lose it at you, right? And that actually
makes you feel less safe, right? And so
that's like in a meeting where people, I
don't know, voice something that doesn't
feel good and the leader essentially is
like, "Stop complaining." You know, um
that's not sturdy. The second version is
often not also not sturdy. And I think
we've a little bit, at least in
parenting, overcorrected to this, which
is a pilot saying like, "I hear you
screaming. You know what? I'm opening
the cockpit door. Does anyone want to
fly the plane because your screaming is
making me anxious and I'm not really
sure what to do? Maybe one of you want
to do it." I think that's a massive
overcorrection I've seen in parenting.
And I just want to make it very clear
that is not what we do at good inside
which is kind of my kid is upset and
instead of just caring about their
feelings now their feelings dictate my
decisions. That's terrifying for someone
on a flight. If that's me I'm not even
scared of the turbulence anymore. I'm
scared that this person is my supposed
leader. Right? That's also in a meeting
when you complain about things and you
know a leader might say oh okay you know
what okay we we'll just get consensus on
this. when it's a decision that's a
leadership decision, not a consensus
decision, which some decisions are, but
some decisions aren't because you are
the only one who has certain
information. Now, to me is the third
announcement that I want to hear when
it's really turbulent as something like
this. I hear everyone screaming back
there. That makes sense. And you haven't
been on as many flights. You're right.
It's very bumpy. And I know what I'm
doing. This turbulence, though it scares
you, it doesn't scare me. I'm actually
going to get off this loudspeaker right
now to go back to do my job. I'll see
you when we land in Los Angeles. Now,
even if the turbulence is the same, all
of a sudden, I feel this deep breath
because my worry is contained.
This sturdy leader is able to see my
emotional experience as real for me and
not be overwhelmed by it themsself.
Those are the two distinct aspects of
being a sturdy leader. I can see someone
else's experience as real for them, but
I can still hold on to my experience and
so I'm not overwhelmed by someone else.
So to a kid, it might be saying, "Look,
let's say TV time is over." Okay? And my
kid does not reward in my house when I
say TV time is over. I'm turning off the
TV. When my kids were younger, they
didn't say, "You're right, mom. That's a
great decision." No. Okay. They freaked
out cuz they wanted to watch another
one. So a sturdy leader would say in
that position, "I'm turning the TV off.
That's my decision. I get that you're
upset. I don't really like to end TV
time either. I also know we'll get
through it. Do your thing and then we'll
transition to brushing teeth and then I
kind of wait it out, right? Or in the
workplace, someone's complaining about I
don't know, I'm making this up, but
maybe it's some policy change, vacation
change, number of days, you know, in the
office where you say, "Look, I'm going
to make it. I want to share something
that I know some people are going to
have a reaction to. Here's the new
policy. People stop tripping,
complaining. Look, I get it. This is a
big change and you're right. This does
make things hard in a certain way and I
totally see that and the way you're
feeling makes sense and here's some
version of why we're doing it and I know
we're going to get through it and I have
faith in us to weather this turbulence,
right? And I think in every situation,
kids, you know, workplace, in-laws,
whatever it is, that sturdy leadership
that, you know, always always feels
good. This is a really good segue to
something I definitely wanted to ask you
about, which is this idea of boundaries
of how to set boundaries well and how
that relates to long-term resilience
versus just kind of this idea of
short-term happiness. I was just
yesterday watching your advice on how to
set boundaries with my kid because I
struggle with it sometimes and I'm just
like, what am I doing wrong? And it was
extremely helpful. I started using your
advice and I'm like, wow, he's doing
exactly what I want him to do. So,
there's a lot of power here. So talk
about just from the your advice to
parents around boundaries and this idea
of long-term resilience and then how
that might translate.
>> Yeah. And so I think related to being a
sturdy leader to make it more concrete,
there's two jobs we have as a parent. I
think they're the same two jobs we have
as any sturdy leader in any environment.
And that's setting boundaries, which are
limits we set, certain decisions we
make. Boundaries often relate to your
position of authority where you have
some long-term goal in mind that someone
else in the system just isn't as aware
of or a two-year-old isn't as capable of
holding on to which is why you're in the
position of making a decision. So that's
the boundaries and the other side is
validating kids or someone else's
experience while not being taken over by
it. And I think we've moved so far in
this direction of validating kids
experience. And I'll go on record and
saying validating kids feelings is an
incomplete parenting approach. That is
that is half of our job. But it doesn't
work if we're not doing the other half,
which is setting boundaries, which is
the skill I feel best about teaching
people because I think it's what we're
often lacking. So my definition of
boundaries I I do like because it's
immediately usable and testable.
Boundaries are what you tell someone
else you will do. And it requires the
other person to do nothing.
Too often I hear people say, "My kid
doesn't respect my boundaries. My
colleague doesn't respect my
boundaries." And with all due respect, I
often think I I think you have an
incorrect definition of boundaries. I
think you're probably making a request,
which by the way, we do a lot. There's
nothing wrong with requests, but it's
not a boundary. Because if you're
setting what you call a boundary and
you're really making a request, you're
giving all of your power away to the
other person because you're saying the
success of this important moment depends
on my 2-year-old. What? I'm not going to
I'm not going to give my power to my
2-year-old. And I always tell parents, I
would bet on you any day over your kid.
And it's not cuz I don't like your kid.
I do like your kid. I just believe in
you more. And so a good example of this,
let's say, is I have a kid, like I was
describing before, who's not a people
pleaser. And so I live in New York City.
We live in a building with a lot of
elevator buttons where this kid when he
was younger, if he was left to his own
devices, which had happened, he would
press every elevator button. Everyone.
Okay. And with my other kids, one of
them especially, I probably would have
been able to make a request like, "Hey,
when we go in the elevator later, it's
really important not to press all the
buttons. Other people wait for this
elevator. It's rude, whatever it is,
that's not a boundary because I could
say, did I tell my kid what I will do?
No. Does it require my kid to do
nothing? No. Okay. A boundary would be
saying when we go into the elevator, I'm
going to stand between you and the
buttons, sweetie, because I'm not going
to let you press the buttons cuz other
people are waiting. And if you have a
kid, like my kid, they're going to lunge
for it anyway. And then I would block my
kid because I'm ready and I've done a
workout. My muscles are ready. I'm not
going to let you do that. Now, my kid
might get upset, which allows me to do
the other part of my jobs. Gh, I know
you wish you could press those buttons,
or maybe just look kindly toward him and
not say anything, but I'm going to still
hold my boundary. And in this example, I
think one of the places we get into
trouble as a parent is we say, "Don't
press the buttons. If you press the
buttons, no dessert tonight," or
whatever, we like threaten. But all of
that is a way of completely undermining
our authority because I'm giving all of
my power to my kid. I'm letting myself
get frustrated. Now I'm taking away
dessert. And the honest truth, if we
want to be honest about it, is at night
I'm going to give my kid sorbet anyway
and then make up something how sorbet
isn't dessert because it has fruit. All
because I just didn't set a boundary in
the first place. And I think over and
over in parenting, maybe at work too,
we're asking our kid to do our job for
us because we just don't want to deal
with the emotional fallout. But that's
what I call job confusion and makes
makes everyone frustrated. Your
marketing website sets the tone for your
brand and is the one touch point that
every single one of your customers sees.
In today's age, if you're still having a
hard time making small changes and
simple updates to it, you're doing
something wrong. That is why so many
companies from earlystage startups to
Fortune 500s including companies like
SpaceX, Door Dash, Zapier, Perplexity,
and 11 Labs turned to Framer, the
website builder that turns your.com from
a formality into a tool for growth.
Framer works like your team's favorite
design tool and comes with real-time
collaboration, a robust CMS with
everything you need for great SEO, and
advanced analytics that includes
integrated AB testing. Changes to your
framer site go live to the web in
seconds with a single click and without
any help from engineering. Whether you
want to launch a new site, test a few
landing pages, or migrate your full.com,
Framer has programs for startups,
scaleups, and large enterprises to make
going from idea to live site as easy and
fast as possible. Learn how to turn your
website into a growth engine from a
framer expert. Or just get started
building for free today at
framer.com/lenny.
And if you're a Lenny's product pass
subscriber, you get an entire year of
Framerpro for free. Check it out at
framer.com/lenny.
Rules and restrictions may apply.
>> Let me actually ask you a parenting
question while we're on this topic
because I'm trying to learn this
boundaries thing better.
>> Uh, so is it is it what's the correct
way to if they're not going to the car
and I'm like, okay, I'm going to carry
you to the car if you don't do this. I'm
still requesting them like to go there.
Is there another is there a way to
phrase that where they don't need to do
anything?
>> Well, so if boundaries are something I
will do and they require my kid to do
nothing. Yeah, we want to try look we
have to get in the car and whatever I
try I try a game. I try a song and then
again the the intention matters. The
reason I'm going to carry my kid to the
car is actually I don't want to let
myself then be late and then yell at my
kid and be frustrated.
>> Right. Like I'm doing it because I like
my kid and and I'm on the same team as
them. So then I might say, "Look, it
looks like it's hard for you to get to
the car. I don't really want to do this,
but I don't know. I'm going to turn
around. I'm going to take a deep breath.
And if by the time I turn around, you're
still here. I'm going to pick you up.
I'm going to carry you to the car. And
even if you're crying and kicking and
screaming, I'm still going to do that,
sweetie. I know sometimes it's hard to
leave the house. We do have to leave.
Here comes my deep breath." Now, what's
really important, I don't want to
understate, is I think somewhere in us,
we think, "I'm going to do that and then
I'm going to be rewarded by my kid for
my good parenting." Like, I'm going to
turn around and you're going to be like,
"I'm ready now, Dad." Like, that might
happen in some households, but it
actually won't reliably happen until
you've actually set boundaries over and
over where it's not about taking
advantage of you. They're just trying to
learn the rules of the game, right? And
so then I would pick up my kid. And by
the way, depending on your kid's
temperament, two out of the three of my
kids would scream and cry. And then we
tell ourselves, "Oh, I'm not a good
parent. I messed that up." No. Again,
like a pilot is going to make a decision
in certain key moments, not based on
consensus. Like, let's say I'm flying to
LA and it's really turbulent and the
pilot says they have to make an
emergency landing and everyone's
complaining and they're like, "What?
Can't be that big of a deal. I don't
know if that's a light. Did I have a big
meeting in LA? Can you imagine if the
pilot was like, "Oh, Becky and Lenny are
really upset about this." You know what,
guys? Forget it. Forget it. Forget the
emergency landing. What? Even if we were
upset, we feel deeply, deeply safe that
our leader is doing something they
believe is right with the information
they have available. So, even if I'm
complaining when I get off the plane in
Kansas, wherever I'm landing midway, I
also in the back of my head are I'm so
grateful. And so I just want parents to
know when you set a true boundary,
especially if it's new, your kid will
tantrum and protest. But if you actually
see that as a sign that you're
successfully setting a boundary, instead
of as a sign you did something wrong,
your relationship with the tantrum
changes. You're almost oddly sickly
grateful for a sign that you set a
boundary. You're like, "Oh, this is
actually I always say to myself, this is
going according to plan." And it makes
the moment so much easier. this advice
you give about being the leader is
really important and I could see how it
connects deeply to in the work
environment. I'm curious just if there's
more advice there. So the idea that I've
been hearing is just like people want
you to be their leader both as a kid and
in the work environment. They don't want
you to be like okay what does everyone
think? Let's vote. Talk about just the
insight there.
>> Yeah. First of all I think like a lot of
things two things are true. There's
definitely a time for consensus. There's
a time for getting 100%. That's a really
important part of leadership, too. But
inherently, you're in a position of
leadership
because you have experience other people
don't have. You have insight, you have
judgment. You might like just very
literally have access to company
information and data that other people
don't have that, right? And so you're
not all working with, you know, from the
same set of information. And so there's
definitely a time for consensus
building. But at least in parenting, I
think we've overcorrected. You know, I
need to collect more data from the
working world if we've overcorrected
that. I think it feels really good for
people to hear some version of I took in
everything you said. Your voices matter.
And
I want to share a decision I've made
with all the information I have. It
might not make sense to all of you at
the time. you can come talk to me
separately and I have conviction that
this is the next thing we're going to
experiment with whatever the decision
is. You know, I said this word earlier
and it's always a word I it's another
word I say that maybe other people don't
say. I'm always drawn to people I can
locate. That's the word I just again it
like I can locate you. I know what you
feel. I know your POV. I personally love
people I can locate even if I really
disagree with them more than being
around people who seem to mirror what
I'm saying. I've actually learned a lot
in a working environment. That's what I
need because I have a lot of strong
ideas. So, I love people who push back
and have a POV. And I think especially
at work when there's so much going on,
right? It could be so stressful. Having
a leader you can locate, which means I
have a POV to be able to say, "This
might not be what you want. I believe
this is the best decision and I believe
we're a strong enough team to work
toward that." I I I think that's very
very holding, not all the time, but in
more situations than we might realize.
So the advice here is even if it may not
feel like your kid wants you to just
tell them what to do or your team it
wants to have opinions and and kind of
have a big say in reality the the human
brain seeks somebody to lead them. I
think that's exactly right, you know,
and I think we can all think back on our
life and again, you rarely say thank you
to these people, but if you think back
on like really hard moments or I don't
know if I was out of control at some
like party, you know, and I don't know,
I was like being mean to people, I was
like saying awful things, who knows,
maybe someone's like drunk. An act of
love in that moment would be at least if
it was me and my husband picking me up
and carrying me out. Kind of like, I'm
not going to let you self-destruct.
And if I was like, "No, I'm fine."
I might even look back later and think
like, "Why?
Why did you let me make that decision?"
I'll share a story because some of this
comes from it. I think about this
teenager I was working with in private
practice and she came to me. I'm just
doing a first session.
Okay, tell me what to bring you here.
She's like, "Well, you can see on my
arms I'm cutting." I was like, "Okay,
keep going." And I was like, "Well, how
long have you been doing that?" She
goes, "Two years." And I said, "You just
said I'm the first therapist you've ever
seen, so what's gone on in the last 2
years?" She was so snarky. Um, and she
goes, "Oh, well, my parents tried me to
send me to a therapist 2 years ago, but
I said to them, "Oh, so you think I'm
the messed up one in the family, and you
can send me, and we're just going to lie
the whole time and waste your money."
My heart always races when I think about
this moment. It's so visceral still. And
something in me, I don't know, I was on
my game that day was like, "Becky, just
be quiet. Don't say anything." And I
don't know, 10, 15 seconds later,
everything changed for her. She looked
down and and then she looked up and she
just goes,
"Can you believe they let me make that
decision?"
She felt so betrayed
and so not taken care of. And and it
just made me realize at our worst
moments, first of all, at our worst
moments, we speak, I think, our fears,
not our wishes, number one. And at our
worst moments, we're not in a good place
to make good decisions for ourselves.
And we don't want to be punished. But
sometimes it is an act of love. And I
tell this to people very explicitly when
they're like,"I know my teenager needs
to go to therapy, but they're refusing."
And I'll give them an exact script.
Here's what you're going to say. And you
know, it's some version of, "Look, I am
going to drive you every Thursday to
therapy. Whatever you do in the room,
whether you lie, whether you're silent,
that's not on me." But my number one job
is making decisions that I think are
good for you. Even if you're not happy,
that's how much I care about you. And
this is one of those times. Like every
parent who told me they've done that
like their kids like on some level
they're like I needed that. And I think
the equivalent in the workplace is there
are moments when things are really
turbulent when people are, you know,
they're they're saying different things
cuz they're anxious and and they're
looking for a leader to kind of say,
"Hey, I've heard this all. Here's what
I'm doing." You might even say, "I'm not
going to lie to you. Do I have complete
conviction that this is right? No. But
I've put it all together and this is
what we're going with and I feel good
about this direction. We'll reassess in
a month. let's go do this team. And I
think everyone is kind of waiting in
certain moments, you know, for someone
to show up that way.
>> That was an awesome story. It makes me
think about it. Just people will get
away. They they will take what they can
get and they'll be wondering like, "Hey,
wow, I'm getting away with all this.
When will they realize that like someone
working at a company where they're not
working that hard, I'll just get away
with as long as I can until they tell me
that I can't?"
>> Yeah. And you know, I I just saw the
show on Broadway called Punch. I don't
if it
>> it's this really interesting story about
this guy, true story, okay, that it's
based on where essentially he ended up
punching someone at a bar, the guy falls
and dies, but he ends up getting to know
that person's parents after
incarceration.
And one of the things that comes up,
okay, because I think we tell ourselves
like they'll take people will take
advantage. They'll take all the space
you give them. I do tend to think about
it in a more of an MGI way where what
happened in this show is these parents,
I mean this guy killed their son and the
question they come to him with cuz they
end up meeting is well like tell us what
you're going to do with your life here.
What are you going to do with your life
now? And he ends up saying like nobody
had ever asked me that question. Like
nobody had believed in me. Nobody had
ever believed I could do anything useful
change the course of his life. I mean,
it's a crazy story, but I think about at
work when someone Yeah. Like whatever it
is we think they're getting away with or
kids sometimes I think kids are asking
like, "Is there an adult here? Is there
an adult here who will help me who sees
that this is my form of acting out and
being out of control and will somebody
help me?" And you know why kids act out
more? It's not because they're taking
advantage of you. is cuz they feel that
much more disregulated because they
don't feel like there's an adult in the
room who's willing to put a container on
their like shellless egg to help them
come back together and move forward in a
better direction.
>> I think about just people that don't
have parents that are there and always
seek like someone in as their partner
that's more I don't know that gives them
that
>> later. This connects really well with
this idea of building resilience
longterm versus short term. And I think
about in the work environment just like
doing the hard thing you will be better
off versus just like letting things
progress in the because it's hard for
them to do. You think people will not
want to hear bad news. Talk about just
that kind of lesson and how that might
translate.
>> I mean one of the chapters I know in my
book and kind of something that guides
our whole parenting philosophy is like
you know just codified as resilience
over happiness. And I don't know if you
hear this Lenny but I used to hear this
all the time and I I couldn't let myself
let this like small talk moment go like
don't you just want your kid to be
happy? You just want your kid to be
happy right? And I'd always like ruin a
perfectly, you know, harmless comment,
you know, and I was like, "No." And and
then again, we think in extremes, oh,
you want your kid to be unhappy. No, I
definitely don't want my kid to be
unhappy. But I think if we zoom out,
especially in childhood, but I think I
can make a parallel to work, too.
Optimizing for happiness in childhood is
the quickest way to build anxiety and
fragility in adulthood. Hard stop.
Because in a kid's early years, what
they're really learning is what range of
experiences am I able to cope with? In
how many different situations can I find
my capability?
Can I feel like I can get something
done? Can I get through something? Or do
I believe that the only way to feel like
myself is to bring every form of
discomfort to a zero and only find
happiness? The irony is in adulthood
the thing that clouds out happiness
often is our inability to manage
disappointment, jealousy, right? Those
things will always overpower happiness.
And so happiness actually comes in
adulthood from our ability to manage the
widest range of difficult situations.
That's what resilience is. It's our
ability to handle the widest range of
experiences. I'm not talking about
toxic, okay? just disappointment,
jealousy, anger, feeling less than.
These are just human experiences we have
and unintentionally something's happened
over the generations where we're
optimizing for kids happiness, right?
Our kids will say something like, "I'm
the only one in my class who can't
read." And we hop in with, "Oh, that's
not true." Or, "But you're so good at
soccer, but you play chess, but you're
doing this." As if I can't even tolerate
my kids upset feelings. And I tell
parents all the time, our kids can only
learn to tolerate the feelings we
tolerate in them. Nothing's scarier to a
kid that when they're upset, if I can't
tolerate their upset feelings, that
makes them doubly upset cuz it's like,
"Oh, I guess this is unmanageable."
Which leads to adulthood where anything
but comfortable and happy and doing a
perfect job is actually experienced in
your body as even worse because you
spent that many years thinking those
feelings were wrong. So what that means
is when our kids are young and they go
through hard experiences,
those are our best opportunities to wire
them for resilience and ironically for
happiness later on, right? Because if I
can support my kid, I'm not going to say
gh no big deal, but there's a lot
between no big deal and let me call the
school to make this all better for you.
There's a whole world that's the world I
think we try to live in in good inside
where I can help my kids see they're
capable of dealing with this that's
going to help them so much more over the
years.
>> How do you think that translates to
work? Uh the way I think about it is
just like it's okay to upset people.
You're better off. I think about um I
think it was Kim Scott from Radical
Cander had this great story where she
had someone she was working with. He was
doing a bad job. She didn't want to
upset him. She didn't say any give him
any feedback. nine months later is just
didn't get any better so she had to fire
him and he's like why didn't you tell me
that I wasn't doing what you wanted me
to do like you could have told me
somewhere along the way and to us it
feels like I don't want to I don't want
to hurt your feelings but then it ends
up hurting their feelings a lot worse
and that's a lot worse for them
>> I think there's so many parallels so the
reason one of the reasons I love talking
about childhood is because that's when
our brain is wiring it's kind of when we
form the blueprint or my friend Miley
calls it the factory settings for the
rest of our kids lives lives, right?
That's like the ultimate, you know, is
to wire them with a default that works
for them. But actually, you can think
about work relationships the same way
where of course people come, their
brain's already wired. They're older or
you know, somewhat. But if you think
about it as a building, like your first
number of months with someone is you're
building the foundation for the whole
building, which is the relationship
you're going to have. And the earlier
you're just optimizing for comfort and
happiness, the more fragile your
building is going to be. And you're
right. Then you get to 6 months and
you're like, "Oh, this person isn't
doing so well. I'm going to give them
feedback." But in their mind, they're
thinking, "I've never gotten a piece of,
you know, constructively critical
feedback since I've been here." So, I
thought the nature of my relationship in
this workplace was one of butterflies
and rainbows all the time. So, that
doesn't mean day one I think you should
sit someone down and say like, "Here's
everything you're doing wrong." They're
like, "I just started my job." There's
obviously reasonleness, but yes, when
we're thinking about a resilient work
culture,
we want people who can say this is hard
and I can do hard things, not this is
hard, so someone must be at fault and it
should be easier. And I don't know
anyone who would argue for the second
culture. So, I think we should ask
ourselves, well, what am I doing in the
nature of my conversations with people
that that help me build toward that? And
I'll make it really concrete because I
think so much of dealing with anxiety
and struggle, not all of it, but but I
like a good formula is this combination
of I believe you and I believe in you. I
think one of the ways we've majorly
misunderstood anxiety, whether at any
age, is we've doing the I believe you
part, but we've forgotten the I believe
in you part. And they're both again
really necessary together, which might
sound like this. Look, I believe you.
This is a hard project. You're totally
right. And you've never done something
like this before. It makes sense. That's
such a good phrase. It makes sense.
You're nervous about it, right? Or
something I say to my kids that I should
say more at work. I'd be nervous if you
weren't nervous. You have a big test.
I'd be nervous if you weren't nervous.
Of course, you're nervous. That makes
total sense. I'd feel the same way. And
the reason we think you can take on this
project is because we know you can
figure this out. By the way, I'm here to
answer questions and help you along the
way. But I just want to make sure you
hear that from me. Yes, this is hard.
And I also know you can work through
this. And the way you're going to feel
at the end, you're going to feel so
proud of yourself. And I don't want to
take away the project from you cuz I I
kind of think I'm taking away that
feeling. And that's going to be the
feeling that propels you to do all the
other amazing things you want to do
here. And let's work toward that. And
that that's actually Lenny something I
used to say to my kids when they were
your kids' age. Like I just distinctly
remember this time one of my kids was
whining about this puzzle. And he's
like, "Do it for me. Finish it for me.
You have to do it." Right? And of course
the easiest thing to shut down the
tantrum. It's like, "Fine. Here's how
you do it." But it was a day I had a
little more bandwidth. And I heard
myself saying something that I don't
know. It felt like healing to me, too.
Honestly, I said, "Look, you're right.
This is a hard puzzle. It makes sense.
You're frustrated." All of us feel
frustrated when we want to do something
and haven't figured it out yet. you're
feeling this moment, right? Take a
break. Take a breath. But I want to tell
you why I'm not going to do this for
you. There is no better feeling in the
world than watching yourself work on
something and make progress on something
and maybe even complete something that
you originally didn't think you could
do. Like, there's literally no better
feeling than that. And I will not take
that feeling away from you. And I think
in the workplace and definitely in
parenting, we should be mindful of how
often we take feelings of capability
away from our kid. And I take that very
seriously because I feel very passionate
about building a world where kids become
adults who feel capable. And I think we
can do that in these small moments more
often.
>> As you share these stories and examples,
I'm just like, I wish I had Dr. Becky in
my ear constantly giving me advice as
I'm doing this stuff. And we'll talk
about how people sort of can get that.
Uh, but I'm actually really happy you
talked about this I believe you lesson.
I was going to bring it up. That was
right next on my notes because I've used
it with my uh wife actually and it is so
good and so effective. And this is why I
love your advice is that it works not
just for kids, it works for adults. Just
like I believe you. I believe you feel
this even though I don't know why and I
wouldn't feel that way but just I
believe you. Uh I like this this makes
sense piece. I haven't thought about
that. And then the I believe in you.
That's interesting cuz I did talk about
like like the way I remember phrasing
this, this is like a a moment I really
remember just like you're smart. You'll
figure this out. And then she just went
back to me and she's like, "Wait, how
did you what did you just do there?"
That felt really good.
>> Well, if you think about and I'm I'm
very visual, so if you think about
someone struggling, picture them in like
a hole, not like in an abyss, just like
a a little hole. Okay? And we're a
relational species. Like at least we'll
see what happens with AI, but for now,
we're a relational species. Okay? And so
when we're really struggling, inherently
the reason why we're struggling is we're
in a hole and we can't see the way out
of it. If we were in a hole and could
see the way out, we wouldn't struggle.
So the only reason something feels so
hard is cuz you're kind of in a hole
without visibility. So what do you need
as a relational species? You need
someone you trust to have one foot in
the hole with you. You do. That's the I
believe you part. So it might be saying
to your kid, and those words are so
powerful. I think deep down, Lenny,
that's literally what we're all looking
for as humans is just to be believed. I
believe you. You really don't want to go
to soccer practice. You're no longer
starting on the team. The first soccer
practice after you lose your starting
spot sucks. Totally sucks. I believe
you. But if you think about them in that
hole, they need you to have one foot out
of the hole. They need one foot in, but
they need one foot out. Because if we
can't see a more capable version of our
kid, then they can access in that
moment, we've collapsed into the hole
with them, right? And so the I believe
you is I believe in you would be look,
you're going to go to practice today.
You are. I want just be honest. It's not
going to be fun. You're not going to
want to be there the whole time. You're
going to feel embarrassed. You're going
to hate watching them run plays with you
on the sideline. And you're going to
come home having survived. I'm going to
be there for a hug. I'm going to let you
know I'm proud of you. Maybe I'm
proudest of you that moment even more
than when you sorted the goal last game
cuz that's the hard stuff that's going
to help you in life and we're going to
get through it together. And so I think
for anyone listening what's really
powerful I find what's really powerful
with anything is thinking what end of
the spectrum am I on because it always
gives me insight into where I can grow.
Is the I believe you part easier for me
or is the I believe in you part easier
for me and there's no morality. Just
knowing where you are is helpful. Do I
like to say to people come on it's no
big deal. You can do it. Okay, that's
the I believe in you. Oo, I wonder if
I'd be more effective if I focus on the
first I believe you. Or do I lead as a
parent, as a leader with I believe you,
but do I do I sometimes like go into the
hole with someone? Oh, okay. It's the
other part I'm going to play around
with. And I think that that gives us all
something to action on.
>> This is such a good advice. I I got
tingles as you were describing what you
were telling your kid. Uh so if there's
anything you take away from this
conversation, this is useful with kids,
with partners, with I think in work too,
just this idea of I believe you and that
makes sense. And then somehow making it
clear that I believe in you.
>> Yes. See a more capable version of them
than they can see in the moment. Doing
those two things at once is like it's
magic. I talk a good game. It's hard for
me, too. Again, like these things are
hard in practice, but at least and I
know you're like this, too. It's helpful
to have a framework to come back to.
Just these words are so so and you don't
have to say them exactly but these
specific ways of phrasing is actually
really great. Okay, let's come back to
how people can get your advice
constantly. So a lot of people see your
advice on Tik Tok and Instagram and just
kind of in Twitter and all these places
just like there's Dr. Becky giving me
some awesome advice. Not a lot of people
know you have a a epic business and
product and community. Talk about that
just what you've built there, what it
is, what people should know. So what
started as an you know I put up my first
Instagram post on I think it was
February 28th 2020. So it was two weeks
before New York City at least shut down
probably a lot of places in the US. And
I I didn't have some like premonition
about co the timing was just kind of
nutty. And I even put up that post
without any business in mind. I I really
I felt so compelled by these ideas
around what we've been talking about and
how different they are from what we've
been handed down to us as truth that the
only way I can describe it is um sounds
like awful and visceral, but it felt
like I had to like I was like vomiting
them out and I just needed somewhere to
put them. And so when I look back I was
like why did I do that? I don't know. It
was more like relief than intentional,
you know, goal setting. And then New
York City shut down. And then what
happened was things just took fire. And
what was really powerful and I just kind
of watched happen and tried to respond
to was the community that formed around
it. What people wanted. I started doing
these live workshops just because I had
so much more to say than I could put
into a carousel post. In the way people
were connecting live, I I still it still
happens now in the live events. Like I I
think certain ideas I have or stories I
tell can be really impactful to people.
But if I had to choose between that
versus what happens in our community, I
would bet on the community every time.
It's just amazing because I think these
ideas tap into some value system or
healing inside of ourselves and safe
communities form around value systems.
And so what ended up happening from
there is people were just telling us
they they actually kind of incepted this
idea like Dr. Becky, I feel like you're
doing parent school. And I was like,
what? They're like, I go to school for
everything that I've ever cared about.
And I always joke that a friend said,
"Do you know how much money I spent on
gardening school? Like I like my
flowers, but I care about my children
more, but I spent I've spent more time
and I've invested more in my tiny little
garden or my cooking or my hobby. You
know, certainly I've spent more learning
about Greek history, which for most of
us, no shade to Greece, doesn't actually
impact our life that much anymore, than
I have in parenting." And I realized and
this is what this whole our business is
around is I really feel like parenting
is the last area in life that we glorify
instinct alone
where we say especially to women this
whole idea of maternal instinct. I don't
know this probably a little
controversial. I was like wow
what a way to gaslight parents. Like,
not to say there aren't some moments
that are instinctual, but if I'm
parenting by instinct, do you want to
know what I'm gonna do when my kid has a
tantrum or when my kid lies in my face?
It's not going to be pretty. Like, I
don't know if any of us feel like that's
a good option.
>> I believe you. No, you would not do
that.
>> Right. And and instinct, by the way,
what's instinct? It's everything we've
learned until that point. And what feels
naturally in parenting is simply how we
were parented. That that's all that's
going to be natural. And so, I I really
like I started to get very angry with my
community. We're like, why isn't there a
better way? And by the way, with modern
technology, shouldn't this be easy on
your phone? Shouldn't you have shouldn't
you get access not to make a moment
perfect, but we all spiral after a hard
moment. It's not the spiral that makes
us have a bad week. It's the way we
extend the spiral from how we talk about
ourselves and the bad patterns. That
last week's these are the things that
add up to our and our kids' mental
health. And I did I started to get angry
thinking there should just be a better
option for parents to learn without
shame without the expectation of
perfection to have something in their
pocket to combine it with modern
technology now AI so many different
things and to preserve the human
interactive element. So yeah so that's
what good inside is you know my
co-founder and I are both psychologists.
We've known each other forever. Um, and
we have a whole team where yes, there's
the podcast and Instagram. And I I
always consider those like flags, like a
strategy and a tip we hear. They're like
flags. They're like things we try. But
most of our struggle in parenting is we
don't have a framework and an actual
approach, which is the ground we would
plant a flag into, which is why
parenting feels like whack-a-ole where
we're just like trying things, right?
Even though we would never do that at
work. We don't even do that with
gardening or tennis. And so good inside
and our app to me is like the most
modern,
you know, alive, personalized,
technologically informed
way of feeling like I have something in
my pocket and someone and a community to
in my pocket that can just close the gap
between how I kind of want to show up
and how I do show up. None of us close
the gap completely, but I do believe we
deserve access to tools that can help us
do that. And that's what good side as a
business is built around.
>> Just to give you a more chance to plug
what this is exactly, what do people get
when they say download the app, sign up
for the community?
>> What you get is first of all, you get to
just tell us what's going on with you
and we get to be the holder of that
story and make sure we hit on the
important themes. I really do believe I
know kind of not formula that makes it
too specific and like perfect, but we
need to learn how to set boundaries. We
needed to learn how to stay connected to
our kid without murdering ourselves. By
the way, I also think the thing that you
get in the app, we have to learn better
communication if we're in a partnership
because that gets tricky. We have to
learn how to repair. We have to
understand why we get so activated in
our nervous system. And we have to do it
in a way that we could do, I don't know,
5 minutes here or there in the go. So
that's exactly what we're set up to do.
If you can give us five minutes, we will
give you something that's not just a
tip. That is something I always combine
two things, understanding and action,
right? insight and something that you
can actually do today because I think
that's how we can take a deep breath
understand and gives us clarity and
action gives us capability and that's
what we give parents. So you get that
we'll drip it to you. You tell us what's
going on. Um we also have an incredible
like AI chatbot experience that also
beyond helping you in the moment can
help you say like hey this kind of thing
that seems different. They're all kind
of the same. Here's the common theme.
here's what we suggest for you to kind
of get ahead of things. And then there
are so many live events. I believe
deeply that parenting is something where
we have to connect to people. So I do I
don't know two or you know usually two
or three live events in a month. Um we
have coaches we've trained. So we've
manualized a good inside approach. We
have coaches who do support sessions. If
you have a deeply feeling kid you can
come to as many of those in a month as
you want. And there's always a parent to
kind of connect. And so I would say you
get answers to your questions, you get
deeper dives if that's for you and you
have the time and you love to learn. And
then you also have a very very active
expert driven but also just parent
community um for the live connected help
that I think we all need.
>> Amazing. I'm a happy member. I was
actually just chatting with your AI uh
chatbot at Dr. Gigi is
>> Yes. GG. Exactly.
>> GG. So good. Okay. And where do people
find us? Goodinsside.com.
>> Yes. So easy. We try to make it easy.
Goodside.com.
>> Okay. Uh I have another question I'm
going to ask about uh this experience,
but before that I'm going to take you to
a couple recurring corners on this
podcast. The first is AI corner. I'm
curious if there's some way you found AI
useful in your work in your life.
>> So yes. So it actually connects to what
I was saying before how I've learned
about myself. I'm kind of allergic to
ideas without action. And people would
always say to me, Dr. Becky, one of the
reasons I love your parenting guidance
is you both help me understand a
situation more deeply than like I find
elsewhere, but you also help me
translate it into like this absurdly
practical thing I can say or do. And
it's interesting because what I've
learned is I'm so help glad that's
helpful for people that actually is just
the way I think and I'm seeing that as I
run my company also. And AI helps me
close that gap. So let's say I'm talking
about the product and we're talking
about a new onboarding flow and I have
an idea like I you know currently I'm
you know was playing around with Figma
make and I was like oh my goodness I can
vomit my ideas and I have so many ideas
not just about like this is how I want
to make someone feel and I I don't want
it to sound like this I want it to sound
like this. I have so many ideas around
my intention and the impact and I don't
like to have an idea that I can't fully
see out. So, I want to see the UX design
or I want to see the whole email flow
and my team knows me well enough to know
that's just how I think. So, they can
get a totally new abandoned cart flow
from me and they might be like, Becky,
we don't like this. We wish you just
told us the idea before you built this
out. I don't do that for them. And I'm
like, if you want to trash the whole
thing, I don't care. I'm not attached to
it. But AI has allowed me to take an
idea and turn it into something I can
visualize and that's more real in such a
rapid way. And I I'm just I'm so excited
about that.
>> That is super cool. It feels like this
is what these apps are use so useful for
people that are not designers, product
managers, engineers, trying stuff out,
prototyping, thinking through in in real
designs, not just, you know, sketches.
Figma, that's cool. Uh proud podcast
sponsor. Uh is that the one you find
most useful?
>> Um you know, it's funny. I'm just
laughing because Andrew Hogan, who's uh
like does insights at Figma, he's he's
been like a big good inside member. He's
always talking about it. And I said to
him, if it would help at all, I want to
make a video for your just your team to
tell them how obsessed I am with Figma
make in case that, you know, and he's
like, go ahead, you know, so if this
fails, I'm going to become an affiliate
um you know, or something for for that.
But that is the one I'm playing around
with. I'm also playing around with
Replet, like my team was just showing me
um that one and and lovable. So I love
playing around with any of those new
tools. And then yeah, whether it's, you
know, Claude or Chat GBT, I I find the
way I can work rapidly to get my ideas
into a place and I I show my team how I
use it and and I really do think the
people who get the most out of prompting
like there is a I like a vomiting
aspect. Tell me all your thoughts. And I
think a lot of people, especially women,
we've been conditioned to like put
everything into this like neat organized
package before we present it to the
world in general. And I find prompting
is best when we do complete opposite,
right? And get it all out there. And
then you can refine and and that's one
of the things I do with my team a lot.
I'm like, I want to show you just be in
the room and I'll show you how I work
through this with let's say it's a chat
GPT. Um, and I think that's one of the
ways I'm also helping my team get a lot
more from AI is showing them that that
kind of way of using it.
>> How big is your team by the way? What's
like the Dr. Becky operation? What does
that look like?
>> 65.
>> 65 people. That's incredible.
>> Yeah. Well, and profit and we're and
we're profitable
>> and profitable. Have you raised money or
is it uh bootstrapped?
>> We did raise money a couple years ago.
Um, we felt like again we have a very
very big vision for what we want to
accomplish. I feel like at our core it's
a set of ideas and stories and a way of
making people feel that happens to be
represented as the biggest part of our
business now in a digital product but um
there's just so many other things in
like a Disney type ecosystem um that I
think can come out out of IP and story
and and feeling and connection and um
there's a lot of really other exciting
things 2026 and 2027 that will further
build that ecosystem and I feel like as
a team we're set up to do that. Oh man,
we need to do a whole episode on just
the whole operation. But yes, I guess
just to cover the the the empire,
there's the book, there's the podcast,
there's the app, there's the community.
>> So yes, and there's our my second
children's book will come out next year.
So I feel like that's our first um entry
into kind of more physical product. Um
and my second children's book is about
deeply failing kids. Those kids are kind
of my passion project within the passion
project that is good inside. I think
they're the most misunderstood kids in
the world. They're labeled dramatic,
oppositional. A lot of parents even tell
me, professionals tell them the issue is
they don't punish them enough or they're
not consistent. Those kids don't fear a
loss of control. Their core fear is
being too much and they can act that out
and unfortunately get it confirmed by
the world. And so my second children's
book will be about deeply feeling kids
and gives parents something if our app
is like the companion for the parent. I
feel like the connection moment and for
a kid to see themselves in this book is,
you know, the purpose of that.
>> Is that something people can pre-order
yet or not yet?
>> Yes, they can pre-order that February
2026 and pre-orders. Thank you. Yes,
helped so much. Um, and I'll doing I'll
be doing a little tour around it as
well.
>> And what's it called for people to look
at up on Amazon or wherever they want to
buy?
>> It's called Leave Me Alone, a good
inside story about deeply feeling kids.
And if you have one, these kids, the
reason the title I think will resonate
and honestly a lot of people say, "Oo,
that gives me a lot of insight in my
partner, someone at work is around their
fear of being too much. They tend to
have big explosive feelings and try to
and push the people away they care about
the most in the exact moments they
actually need them thereby confirming
their fears. See, I really am too much,
which exacerbates the cycle until they
know how to change it. So, leave me
alone is something a deeply feeling kid
will often scream in their room when
they're completely out of control. And
that's actually in some ways their
deepest fear, not their wish. And so,
the title plays to that.
>> How cool. Okay, we'll definitely link to
that in the show notes. Uh you can look
it up on your favorite book seller. Dr.
Becky, how fun was this? What a unique
conversation? Uh we touched topics on
every level of humanity. I think um
before we get to our very exciting
lightning round. Is there anything else
that you wanted to share? Anything else
that you want to double down on?
>> Kind of. I think before we started
recording, I I was saying how excited I
am. I really mean it. You're like a
major celebrity to me and my whole team
knows it that of all the podcasts I've
been on. And they're like, "You must be
nervous for Lenny." I was like, "I am."
Um, what I said to you is that I I I
love your podcast cuz I just learned so
much, right? Um, as a psychologist CEO,
obviously there's a lot for me to learn.
Um, and I've learned so much from you.
And I really am addicted to learning.
And and the reason that's coming up for
me now is I I think about all the people
who listen to your show who I think
they're like that, too. They're forever
learners. They love to learn. And it's
why they love your podcast because you
get so concrete and you follow, you
know, the thread down the rabbit hole
and and it helps us feel more capable at
work. And one of the things I found
interesting is so many people who have
that forever learner growth mindset,
whatever you want to call it, at work,
we forget to access it with our kids.
Like we say things like, "It is the way
it is." Like I just I feel like people
who listen to your podcast probably
don't say that at work. That's why
they're listening to their podcast.
Maybe it doesn't have to be the way it
is. or oh like I didn't know that before
but now I do so I can try something new
and again I'm never going to be perfect
is creepy but I can grow like I'm more
addicted to growing and learning than
being right and I think I guess I would
just ask anyone listening especially as
a parent to say like what if I just took
that mentality home like okay I yelled
at my kid I didn't mess them up forever
do I know how to repair by the way did I
have a parent who actually repaired with
me because if I didn't no wonder it
feels awkward I'm kind of the first
person in my whole lineage to give a
true apology to my three-year-old. Of
course, that's going to feel hard. Or,
yeah, I don't understand tantrums. Or, I
don't really understand why my kid why
my good kid is lying to me. But maybe I
learn I I learn things at work all the
time and I give myself credit. And what
if I took that way of being and just
applied it to this other area? I both, I
think, be more compassionate with
myself, but I'd probably also feel
better over time about how I was showing
up. And I just think we forget to apply
that because again, parenting has been
told as something that should just feel
natural. Um, when it doesn't, right? So,
if we think of it as a set of skills,
it's actually very hopeful. Oh, I learn
skills from Lenny all the time. Like, I
can do that in parenting, too.
>> That's such a a beautiful message. What
I feel is anytime I watch one of your
clips and then do that thing and then it
works, it's like, oh, that like blow
expands your mind. Oh, wow. there's so
much more I could learn. I should go
deeper on on what I'm what the hell I'm
doing. I don't know what I'm doing, you
know? Is so that is a really important
message like you can learn this skill.
It's not something anyone just knows how
to do.
>> Yeah. And I I like giving people very
concrete things. So a question recently
that I've asked my kids that have led to
like amazing moments just as a is some
version of if I could do one thing
different this week to be a better
parent to you, what would it be? I guess
it's kind of like a 360deree
review, right? And and and sometimes
your kid says the hurtful things.
>> You cannot be on your phone as much,
which just get ready for it and just get
ready to receive. Okay, thank you for
telling me that. And I think the thing
that stops us is we think our kid is
going to say quote stupid things. You
could let me watch TV. The truth is, no
matter what your kid says, it's a window
into their world. And again, you can be
the pilot who listens but doesn't open
the cockpit door. Oh, what would it be
like to watch all the TV you want? Oh,
your friends watch more. I'm so glad you
told me that. Oh, does that mean I can
watch TV? Sweetie, that's not going to
be one of the things I budge on, but
maybe here's something we could do
instead. But just asking your kid that
question
and not expecting a profound answer. It
makes me think if anyone thought like,
what if my manager asked me that
question? Wouldn't I immediately just
feel better about my manager anyway just
from the asking of the question? And I I
think it's just something so actionable
that every time I do it with my kids, I
notice like their behavior is kind of
better for the rest of the week just
from that. And I I want to give
something high impact to anybody who's
made it this far in the episode.
>> I love that. That's like the reverse uh
of this approach to this episode is like
from the work environment, what can you
bring to your kids? And it's like do a
little 360. Ask for what feedback can
you give me
>> on my performance review as a parent
this week.
>> Exactly.
>> So good.
>> Okay. With that, Dr. Becky, we reached
our very exciting thinking round. I've
got five questions for you. Are you
ready?
>> Uh yes.
>> Here we go. What are two or three books
that you find yourself recommending most
to other people?
>> I love The Power of Moments. I love
Messy Middle and I got a lot from
Creativity Inc. as well.
>> Is there a recent movie or TV show you
have really enjoyed?
>> I really liked Secrets We Keep, which
was actually recommended to me by our
product leader on Netflix. Um, and I I
really loved K-pop Demon Hunters so
much. I wrote a whole guide on it cuz I
think there's it's just such an opener
for really good deep connected moments
with our kids. Um and so those two come
to mind.
>> Is there a product you recently
discovered that you really like? Could
be an app, could be clothing, could be a
gadget.
>> I started doing Liberty puzzles. Um do
you know so some people have heard of
stave? They're like these this is
Liberty. They're thick wooden puzzles
where they're kind of hand cut pieces.
You never know what's an edge. Sometimes
like the colors that connect are kind of
the end of one color and start of
another. So, they're tricky, but having
this out at night, number one, I find
puzzling is something where you have to
monotask. Like, you truly cannot
multitask. And I find it so hard for me
to monotask these days, even though it
gives me such grounded energy. So, that
allows that. And it's something, yes,
with my kids, but oddly enough, me and
my husband will find ourselves doing it
together at night versus like being on
the couch doing work. And and I feel
like we're in the same world working on
something together. And it's it's been
really fun for that as well.
>> My kid has been really into puzzles
recently. He we have this manora puzzle
that we got and he's just every bedtime
he wants to do it like four times.
>> Finishes it again. He speaks Spanish
because his grandma speaks Spanish to
him. So he's like unh
love puzzles
>> and I love that he's just like break it
apart. Okay, let's start from the
beginning.
>> Amazing.
>> Yeah, puzzles have fun. Okay. Uh two
more questions. Do you have a favorite
life motto that you find useful in work
or in life? this feels hard because it
is hard, not because I'm doing something
wrong. I just think this is so true in
parenting at work. Like it's so
interesting how often something is hard
and we tell ourselves the story that
we're stupid or we're not good at it and
there's something so simple about
reminding myself, no, like this feels
hard because it is hard. Like I'm
feeling this moment, right? Um it's just
hard. Um and I find that I always feel
my feet on the ground again when I tell
myself that.
>> Great segue to our final question. So,
you're building a product, building a
company as a non-product person. What's
something that surprised you about the
experience of building a product than
building a company?
>> It's funny. I'm hesitating only because
I'm thinking of something and I'll say
it, but I'm like, why did that surprise
me? It should be so obvious. But I guess
it's true that a company is just people.
And before I started this company, I was
in private practice, you know, seeing
people for therapy. And I feel like
those skills are remarkably useful as a
leader of a company where there's so
many things I can't do. You know, you're
not gonna ask me to financially model
or, you know, data analytics, but I feel
like there's a there's really strong
people who can do that. But I believe
that understanding people or just having
the skill of attempting to understand
people is is a surprisingly but I guess
also retrospectively obvious um really
good leadership skill.
>> Dr. Becky, this was incredible. It's a
such an honor to have you on. I just see
you everywhere all the time. Have
learned so much from you and what a what
a treat to have you on this podcast.
People are like what the hell is going
on here? Uh this I learned a ton myself
and I know people will too. uh two final
questions. Where can folks find you?
Good inside, your book. Anything else
you want to share? And then just how can
listeners be useful to you?
>> Oh yeah, just goodincside.com and you
can find our product there. You can find
book all the books that we I've written
there. You can find our yeah newsletter
if you're just like curious to start,
you know, start there. All of it's at
goodinsside.com. Um I I really do love
feedback. So if you're there, if you're
thinking, hey, you know, I'm in your app
and I wish you did this. I mean, your
listeners are such a treasure trove of
brilliant product marketing, you know,
just thoughts that I can never have
myself. Um, and we're really trying to
build something that makes a parent
always exhale and feel a little more
capable. Um, and parents have the best
information of how to do that. So being
willing to share feedback and ideas um
you know anyone can reach out to me on
DM or you know you can email
officeside.com
but but that's a way to help. I I love
learning from other people.
>> Awesome. Dr. Becky, thank you so much
for being here.
>> Thank you.
>> Bye everyone.
Thank you so much for listening. If you
found this valuable, you can subscribe
to the show on Apple Podcasts, Spotify,
or your favorite podcast app. Also,
please consider giving us a rating or
leaving a review as that really helps
other listeners find the podcast. You
can find all past episodes or learn more
about the show at lennispodcast.com.
See you in the next episode.